-----Things a portfolio website should have-----
-Home/Projects page
The critical component of any programming portfolio will be home to the very best samples of your work. 
This section should be as captivating as possible, so get creative with videos, GIFs, and eye-catching web design and copy.


-----About page-----
People want to know who you are, so make sure your portfolio includes some detail about that.
Include your name, a photo, and a short blurb about what you’ve done and where you hope to go in your career. 
It’s a good idea to refine this narrative over time as your career progresses. Developing your brand story takes time, 
but it’s a unique asset that you can nurture to help your career grow.
Talk about changing jobs and finding this profession as something you can see youself doing as it allows
for freedoms that most corperate jobs wont. 


-----Contact page-----
Without this, you could be hurting your chances of getting job offers. 
Ideally, you should include a contact form and your social media channels. 
If you don’t do that, at the bare minimum, add your email address plus links to your LinkedIn and GitHub profiles.
Push all projects to github.

-----Best practices for a portfolio-----
Use evergreen samples of work. Add samples of work you want to do. 
Ensure the page or website has responsive design. It needs to look good on all mobile devices and computers.
Appealing visual desgin. It needs to be easy on the eye. 
The domain name needs to have your brand. Try purchase a custom domian name as it looks better than a free one.
User interface needs to be simple. No need for complex, hard to navigate pages.


-----Ideas-----
Simple layout, dont get bogged down with small nitty gitty things.
HTML,CSS and Javascript will work.
React could also work. 

-----Particulars-----
Create a navbar that navgates through the website - DONE
On the home page, create a small section that talks about you. Include a picture if possible - DONE 
The projects page must also show off current and past projects including the languages used to create them.

-----projects that can be used-----
Space facts site - still in development
To-do list application - completed
React game - completed 
Keeper app - completed
Journal - completed - https://sleepy-eyrie-29968.herokuapp.com/

